Questions regarding specification:

"Only writable users should be able to edit their profile"

1. Is it possible for the readable users to edit their profile?
2. Is it possible for the read-write users to edit their profile?
3. "Edit their profile" does mean editing all the fields in the profile? Are there any non-editable field too?

"As a User, I can edit only my own profile"

1. Is it possible for users to view others profile eventhough they can't edit.
2. What should be the behaviour if the users try to edit other users profile?

"As a CSR, I can edit any user"

1. What basic information does a CSR need to know to edit users profile?

"Edit profile and change password should have the same behaviour for a user editing his/her profile and a CSR editing a profile"

1. Does this means user editing his/her profile and CSR editing his/her profile? Or CSR editing other users profile.

Login page:
1. How many times of Login retries can be allowed if the user can't get it right every time?
2. Will the CSR be logging in as the user using his account details? Or he would be logging in as CSR and has an access to
edit other users profile?

Link Location Page:
1. Is the link location page remains the same when logged in as a User and as a CSR or is it different for the two?

Profile Page:
1. Is all the fields displayed in the profile page will be displayed to CSR also when he edits other users?

Edit Profile Page:
1. Which fields are required to be made mandatory as none of the fields seems to be mandatory?
2. Is it possible for CSR to change photo of the user he is trying to edit?
3. What should be the validations for each field while editing a profile?

Settings Page:
1. Will it be possible for the CSR to deactivate other users profile?

Reset Password:
1. What if the passwords doesn't match and what type of messages to be displayed?
2. How many attempts to be provided for a password change?
3. Can CSR change other users passwords? Is the attempt to change users password by CSR has any limits?
 

I would like to ask Product Manager the following questions:
1. Which fields are required to be made mandatory as none of the fields seems to be mandatory?
        Without making even a single field mandatory, there is a high chance that lot of empty profiles will get created 
   and making further changes on them is also not possible.

2. Will the CSR be logging in as the user using his account details? Or he would be logging in as CSR and has an access to
edit other users profile?
	It is important to understand how the CSR can edit the profile of other users and what all information is required 
   for him/her to proceed further.

3. Will it be possible for the CSR to deactivate other users profile?
	CSR has been given permission to edit other users profile, but it is not clear whether he/she can deactivate users
   profile from the specification.